Document team boxes (#3176)
DOMjudge/domjudge: doc/manual/team.rst

   requests and replies is done through the web interface at
   |baseurlteam|.

   Use the |problemseturlteam| page to get:

>      - all attachments such as 'testing tools' to problems,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the |problemseturlteam| page to:

     - get all attachments such as 'testing tools' for each problem,
```

>      - view the submission and acceptance ratio during the contest as an indicator of the difficulty of a problem,

Reviewer 2: I like the brevity of this explanation, but I'm not sure if we might want to include a hint that more information is available when hovering the indicators.

Author: Feel free to propose an alternative text.

>      - get the problem statement and clarifications on those statements

Reviewer 3: Either add a comma at the end here or remove it from the first two lines.

   The scoreboard webpage.

.. figure:: team-problemset.png
   :width: 80%

>    The problem set webpage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The problemset webpage.
```
